Photo: in4mal/iStock How to Make Your Cheap Office Chair More Comfortable  I have three office chairs, a situation that comes with the territory when you write about home-office products for a living. Two of them are Wirecutter’s picks for the best office chair —the Steelcase Gesture and the Herman Miller Aeron —and the other is a no-name, $50 chair that’s not much more comfortable than your average dining table chair. Guess which one I use most often? Although high-end chairs are definitely higher quality than your run-of-the-mill model from Staples or Wayfair—built with more premium materials, sturdier frames, and a much wider range of ergonomic adjustments—a cheap chair could still offer the best fit if you make some smart modifications. In most cases, all you need are a couple of inexpensive cushions to create a more supportive and comfortable seating position—and possibly a few tweaks to your keyboard and monitor so that your other gear sits ergonomically in line with your “new” office chair. Remember, it’s not just about the chair Getting the right ergonomic fit while sitting at your desk requires balancing a lot of different factors. The height of your chair has to be just right to match the height of your desk and keyboard, and the height of your monitor has to be set so that you’re not craning your neck. If one thing is off, your workstation—and, by extension, your entire body—is out of alignment. Even though it seems like the process should be simple, it’s surprisingly hard to know how to sit in a chair so that it doesn’t break your back after a few hours. The biggest problem is that most office furniture is advertised as one-size-fits-all, whereas in reality designs are skewed heavily toward people of taller stature. The average 29-inch-high desk, for example, is designed to best fit a 6-foot-tall person. Similarly, many of the office chairs we’ve tested don’t lower enough to let people under 5-foot-6 sit comfortably, with their feet on the floor. After years of testing and interviews with ergonomic experts, we’ve realized that the solution to such problems can be surprisingly straightforward and cost-effective. Adjust your seating position  To begin, use your chair’s built-in adjustments (if it has any) to lower or raise your seat so that your feet are flat on the floor, your knees are level with your hips or slightly below, and you can sit comfortably against the back of the chair. If you can’t achieve an ideal sitting position, you can try some modifications: If your feet are dangling even at the lowest chair height, a footrest will work wonders. Anything will do, including a foam roller or a cardboard box, but it’s worth investing about $30 to $40 in something that’s soft, stable, and designed to encourage your feet to move. If you find that your knees are resting higher than your thighs even at the chair’s highest setting, a seat cushion can help by raising your butt an extra inch or two. Some of my long-legged friends stretch their feet out under their desks because many chairs are too short for them, but that isn’t the best position to keep for hours at a time. And if you’re not able to sit comfortably against the back of your chair, get a lumbar support pillow . I’m 5-foot-2, and most chairs have seat depths that are too long for me, so I tend to perch at the edge of the seat. A lumbar support pillow gently encourages me to lean back and maintain proper posture at my keyboard. Besides providing a better fit, cushions can make sitting on a cheap chair more pleasant. A great ergonomic seat cushion , for example, not only lifts you up but can also compensate for a saggy or too-stiff seat. Pillows can’t make cheap office chairs less squeaky, wobbly, or unattractive—and they can’t help with major flaws such as an inability to recline—but they are an inexpensive option for making even a cheap office chair fit just right. Pillows are your body’s best friend. Next, look at your keyboard and desk The best position for your forearms and wrists is parallel to the ground or angled down, as if you were typing with the keyboard on your lap. For many people with fixed-height desks, this isn’t possible when you’re also striving to keep your feet flat on the floor. If your keyboard is too high, the solution is once again to raise your chair and get a footrest. An under-desk keyboard tray can also lower the keyboard so that you’re not straining your arms or shoulders. I have yet to encounter a desk that’s so low, people have to strain or hunch over when they type. But if you find yourself in this situation, it’s not your chair’s fault. You just need a taller desk. Finally, check the height of your monitor or laptop screen  Position your monitor such that eye level is about 2 to 3 inches below the top of the monitor, so you’re not craning your neck either up or down. If the monitor causes you to bend your head down, which is common if you work on a laptop, you have a few options: Laptop owners can get a laptop stand or a height-adjustable external monitor , while desktop computer owners who find that their external monitor’s adjustment range isn’t flexible enough for comfortable viewing can try a monitor arm . If your monitor is so high that you feel like you’re craning your neck to see it clearly, try arranging your application windows so that they’re more centered in your direct sight line. And here’s a bonus productivity tip: Put the distracting windows (such as Slack or Twitter) outside that central zone. One day, a better-quality office chair may be in your future. But until then, these tips should help you make do with whatever you already have. Mentioned above Our long-standing pick for the best office chair is impressively supportive, adjustable, and durable. The Best Office Chair We put our feet up for hours to find the best footrests to help you improve the ergonomics at your desk—and make work more comfortable. The Best Under-Desk Footrests A good ergonomic cushion will fit a variety of people and chairs and stay comfortable and cool after hours of use. Our pick does all of that and more. The Best Ergonomic Seat Cushions If you slouch while sitting at your desk for long periods or suffer from back pain after a long workday, a lumbar support pillow can make all the difference. The Best Lumbar Support Pillow The Rain Design iLevel 2 is our favorite laptop stand because it’s easy to adjust and can raise your screen to proper ergonomic height. The Best Laptop Stands We’ve spent hundreds of hours researching and testing monitors of all shapes and sizes to find the best one for any need or budget. Here's what we recommend. The Best Monitors Further reading Gear for a Paperless Home Office by Erica Ogg This is the gear and the strategies we at Wirecutter use to move from a paper-based home office to an all-digital filing and storage system. The Best Home-Office Setup Under $1,000 by Mark Smirniotis You can put together a high-quality home work space on a modest budget. The Essential Ergonomic Gear for Your Home Office by Erica Ogg We’ve spent over a thousand hours testing more than 100 pieces of gear that encourage ergonomically healthy posture. How to Create a Full-Time Work Space at Home by Kevin Purdy This is the gear we’ve found that makes working from home easy and productive. The only thing it doesn’t do is keep you from heading to the kitchen.