Electronics Computers A Practical Guide to Securing Your Windows PC   There’s no one-size-fits-all solution to computer security, and locking down and securing your computer might feel like an impossible task, but that doesn’t have to be the case. There is such a thing as “good enough” security for most people. And securing your Windows PC doesn’t have to cost money, consume a lot of time, or require technical know-how—it just takes enough patience to navigate a series of Windows settings. The research Click cautiously and install less Don’t put off automatic updates Enable BitLocker Back up your files Set up Microsoft Defender properly Secure your Windows login with a password (and consider logging in with Windows Hello) Remove software you don’t need (and any “bloatware”) Do a permissions audit Check your privacy settings Footnotes Click cautiously and install less The most important tip we have isn’t about settings but about behavior. Being able to recognize phishing attempts and being skeptical of what you download will do more to safeguard your information than any other recommendation we offer here. If you receive a message that looks suspicious—whether it’s a text message, an email, a social media message, or anything else—don’t click any links, especially if you don’t know the sender. These are often phishing attempts, messages meant to trick you into revealing personal information such as your credit card numbers or passwords. Sites like Download.com, Tucows, and Softpedia often include extra junk you don’t want in the software downloads. For example, you might receive an email asking you to verify your bank login information, but if you look closely at the details, you’ll see that it isn’t actually from your bank. If you get a suspicious-looking email requesting information or login credentials, whether it seems to be from your bank or some other company, verify it by logging in to the account in question directly instead of clicking a link in the email. If the message seems to come from a friend, say, through an email or Facebook Messenger, follow up with your friend on a different platform to make sure it’s legit (or to let them know that their account may be compromised). To see examples of these tactics in action, check out Google’s Phishing Quiz . Freedom of the Press Foundation also has a great explainer , and the FTC details a lot of the most common scams. Should a phishing attempt succeed in stealing your password, multi-factor authentication, through either an app or a security key , can still help protect you. With multi-factor authentication enabled on your accounts, two different “keys” are required to get into your account: your account’s password, and a second code generated from an app, a text message, or a physical device (such as your phone or a special USB key). Without that second factor, the password is essentially useless. It’s also useful to employ a password manager , which not only stores complex and unique passwords but can also occasionally catch phishing scams , as well. Another common home for malware is the world of illegitimate software downloads, which can take the form of pirated software or a lookalike download site that attempts to trick you into thinking it’s legitimate. The first results you’ll find when searching for software online often lead you to sites like Download.com, Tucows, and Softpedia—legitimate sites in themselves—but all of which often include extra junk you don’t want in the software downloads or make it difficult to find the correct download link. Your best bet for avoiding this kind of adware or viruses is to search the official Microsoft Store for software first. We also like Ninite and Privacy Guides as places to download legitimate, usually free software. For downloading games, stick to sites and platforms like Steam , GOG , Epic Games Store , the Microsoft Store , and Itch.io . If you don’t find what you need there, poke around any other website you encounter to confirm that you’re in the right place before downloading software. Keep an eye out for lots of spelling errors, annoying pop-ups, automatic downloads, or any software (or movie, music, or game) sale that appears too good to be true. If there’s an application you’re hesitant to open after downloading, upload the file (or copy and paste the download link) into VirusTotal , which will analyze the software to see if it’s in virus databases (note that this process shares the file with the security community as a whole, so don’t use VirusTotal for any potentially personal documents). If you’re comfortable with more advanced software, run any suspicious document files through Dangerzone . This software strips out any potential malware and then converts suspicious document files (PDF, DOC, JPG, and more) into a PDF file you can view safely. Don’t put off automatic updates Microsoft periodically releases security updates for Windows, and though they may seem annoying, installing them is one of the most important things you can do to keep your computer secure. These updates patch holes in the operating system , in addition to updating rules for the antivirus software (which we’ll get to shortly), to help protect your computer. By default, your computer is set up to download and install these updates automatically, but if you’ve disabled them, you should turn them back on. If you’ve previously found them annoying, you can tweak a few of the settings to make these updates less intrusive. Windows 10: Open Settings (type “Settings” into the search bar) > Update & Security > Windows Update . Here you’ll find several options for controlling Windows updates, but the most important one to set up is “active hours,” which ensures that Windows won’t reboot in the middle of your workday. Windows 11: Open S ettings > Windows Update > Advanced options . As in Windows 10, you can find several options here to control when Windows Update runs to make it less intrusive. We recommend setting up your “active hours” so that Windows Update doesn’t run during your workday, as well as enabling the Notify me when a restart is required to finish updating option so that you know when an update will take more time to complete. Microsoft Store: Open the Microsoft Store and click the three-dot icon in the top-right corner, and then select Settings and make sure the toggle for Update apps automatically is enabled. Set up properly, these updates will download and run in the background, often without you realizing it. You’ll still need to reboot your computer now and again to install some of them, so be sure to do so. Enable BitLocker When your computer’s storage drive is encrypted, no one can access its data without your password while the computer is turned off. If you lose a laptop on a flight, someone grabs it when you’re on the road, or a person breaks into your house and steals your computer, they won’t be able to access any of the data on it. How you enable encryption on your storage drive depends on which version of Windows you have and who made your computer. Some Windows laptops have device encryption enabled by default. To check: Windows 10 Open Settings > Update & Security . Look for “Device encryption” on the left sidebar. If device encryption isn’t an option on this screen, it isn’t available. If it isn’t showing up, also try searching for “device encryption” in the search bar; in our experience, it has sometimes appeared there. If device encryption is turned off, turn it on. Windows 11 Open Settings > Privacy & security > Device encryption . If device encryption is turned off, turn it on. BitLocker may be an option here, in which case you can enable it and skip the next steps. If device encryption isn’t an option, look for BitLocker, a free encryption application included in certain versions of Windows 10 (and 11) Pro, Education, and Enterprise. In Windows 11, the BitLocker toggle is on the above page in Settings, but in Windows 10 you need to look elsewhere: In the search box in the taskbar, type “Manage BitLocker” and then select it from the result. Click Turn on BitLocker and follow the instructions. If you’re having trouble finding device encryption, Microsoft’s Windows support articles may provide more information. BitLocker can also encrypt external drives, including SD cards and flash drives , which is a more secure way to delete files on such drives before formatting. If BitLocker isn’t available, you’ll need to turn to third-party software. We like VeraCrypt , but keep in mind that its encryption process is more complicated than BitLocker’s. Some solid-state drive manufacturers may also provide software for securely erasing their SSDs, though we haven’t tested any of those utilities. Back up your files If something goes seriously wrong with a PC, whether it’s due to a bug or a virus, it’s far easier for most people to wipe a storage drive clean and start over from scratch than it is to troubleshoot the problem. We have a guide to backing up your computer , but the idea is pretty simple: At the very least, everyone should back up their files to a local external storage drive . Most people should also consider a cloud backup service , which provides a third, offsite copy of your files. Doing so protects against any mechanical failures of your computer and also ensures that you have multiple copies of the files you care about in case virus, malware, or ransomware infections result in data loss. Set up Microsoft Defender properly Microsoft includes a good, free antivirus program in every edition of Windows called Microsoft Defender. In independent tests at AV-TEST , an IT security institute, the free software regularly performs just as well as paid software. Microsoft Defender, combined with the other safe-computing approaches in this guide, will catch most malware. Although Microsoft Defender’s default settings offer good protection, take a few minutes to run through the settings to familiarize yourself with the software and set up some optional tweaks. Open Settings > Update & Security (or Privacy & Security in Windows 11) > Windows Security . On the “Virus & threat protection” page, you can start a manual scan if you want to check your computer right now. While you’re here, look under “Virus & threat protection settings” and click Manage settings . Make sure that every feature on the page is enabled. On that same “Virus & threat protection” page, scroll down and click Ransomware protection . Here, you can optionally enable a feature called controlled folder access, which prevents programs from manipulating certain folders, including your Documents, Desktop, and Pictures folders. If you’re not comfortable working with folder hierarchies or messing around with access permissions, know that this feature will prevent you from using just about all software you download unless you go back and approve it (for details, see Bleeping Computer’s walk-through of the process ). In addition, this feature protects only those folders, not your whole computer, from ransomware. Consistent backups are a far better safeguard against ransomware. Click Firewall & network protection and make sure the firewall is enabled for all three network options. If you are comfortable with more complex software, you may also want to check out third-party firewall tools like Simplewall . Select the App & browser control tab and enable Reputation-based protection . This step will block the installation of unapproved applications entirely. It might also block apps that you intend to install, so be sure to remember where this option is if you need to disable it to install software you know to be safe. If you think your computer still has some sort of malicious software installed, but Microsoft Defender isn’t picking anything up, we recommend downloading the free version of Malwarebytes and doing a manual scan of your computer to see if it finds something new. If Malwarebytes shows a problem, the free version can also remove it. On top of getting rid of annoying ads, an ad blocker added to your web browser can help to block malicious ads, such as the kind that toss up dozens of pop-up windows or try to “warn” you that your system is “infected.” Secure your Windows login with a password (and consider logging in with Windows Hello) Most people should have a login password for their computer, especially if it’s a laptop that you carry with you. Windows doesn’t require a login password for local-only accounts that aren’t linked to your online Microsoft account, so if you skipped this step, it’s worth going back and turning it on. Open Settings > Accounts > Sign-in options . On Windows 10, click Manage how you sign in to your device . On Windows 11, click Ways to sign in and then select the password option and type in a password. Some Windows laptops (and desktops with specific webcams) support logging in with Windows Hello, which uses either fingerprint recognition (using a fingerprint sensor) or facial recognition (your webcam) to log you in. 1 If your computer supports this feature and it works well for you, enabling it is a good step to take, especially if you don’t like logging in with a strong password. Open Settings > Accounts > Sign-in options . On Windows 10, click Manage how you sign in to your device . On Windows 11, click Ways to sign in . Select either the fingerprint option or the facial recognition option, if available. You’ll also be asked to create a PIN. Before enabling Windows Hello, note that if you are in a circumstance where law enforcement or a judge may try to compel you to unlock your laptop with your fingerprint (or face), you should consider skipping the biometrics and using only a password. In 2019, a judge in Northern California ruled that law enforcement can’t force you to unlock your device with your face or fingerprint , but that same year a judge in Illinois ruled the opposite . Until this issue is resolved, it’s best to stick with a password if you have concerns about someone unlocking your computer against your will. Additionally, if you sign in to Windows with your Microsoft account (some versions of Windows and some features require that you do), we strongly suggest setting up two-step verification on that account. If you’d prefer not to deal with complicated passwords and authentication through your Microsoft account, you might instead use a local account instead of your Microsoft account. This approach removes any syncing capabilities, including password recovery through Microsoft, but ensures that less data leaves your computer. Depending on how you use your computer, you may also prefer to scroll down and enable the dynamic lock feature, if it’s available, which will lock your device when you walk away. This feature likely isn’t necessary if you work from home, but it can be useful when you’re in public spaces or traveling. Remove software you don’t need (and any “bloatware”) Bloatware—the extra software that sometimes comes preinstalled on your computer—is not typically a security risk, but it is often useless, annoying, and liable to create clutter in your software library that makes it easier for something more malicious to hide. If your computer is pretty new and you haven’t installed much software, the easiest way to clean it up is to reset it, while still keeping your files. Open up Settings > System > Reset this PC and select Keep my files , and then follow the on-screen instructions. (This process shouldn’t remove any of your personal files, but before you begin it’s a good idea to create a backup, just in case.) In many instances, this gets rid of the extra software some PC makers preinstall, but we’ve also seen some PCs reinstall some software even after a clean Windows installation. If that doesn’t work, head into Settings > Apps > Apps & features and then scroll through the list of installed applications. Click the three-dot icon and then click Uninstall for anything you don’t want. On this page you can see who made the software. In addition, the operating system won’t let you uninstall anything critical to your computer’s functionality. If you’re not sure what an app is, you can search for it on Should I Remove It? to get more info. (We do not recommend using the Should I Remove It? software, as it’s a little bloated itself.) Do a permissions audit Like your phone, your laptop has all sorts of permissions settings to prevent applications from accessing certain data, such as your contacts, your location, the camera, and more. Pop into this settings page occasionally to make sure no app is overreaching for permissions it doesn’t need. Open Settings > Privacy (or Privacy & security in Windows 11) and then scroll down to the “App permissions” section. Go through each permission and ensure that apps aren’t accessing data they don’t need to function. Pay attention in particular to the “Location” section, which is one of the more personal permissions, and disable access for any app that doesn’t make sense on that list. Some of the app permissions are complicated, but Microsoft has a good explanation of what each one means if you find yourself unsure of what to do. Check your privacy settings Windows tends to collect a lot of data about you, and there isn’t always much you can do about it. But you can at least opt out of a few of the more egregious aspects: Open Settings > Privacy (or Privacy & security on Windows 11) > General . Consider disabling anything on this page you don’t find helpful, especially the Let apps show me personalized ads by using my advertising ID option. If you do so, you’ll still see ads, but instead of using details like your browser-app usage or your usage history to show you customize ads, apps will show you generalized ads. If you use a Microsoft account for other purposes, it’s also a good idea to log in to your account’s privacy dashboard and change preferences there. Microsoft collects telemetry data about how you use your computer, where you are, and more. If you want to tweak these settings and are comfortable tinkering with your computer, we’ve used O&O ShutUp10++ with good success. This article was edited by Arthur Gies and Mark Smirniotis. Footnotes Like Apple’s Face ID, Windows Hello uses an infrared scanner to map the physical features of a person’s face rather than relying on a normal camera. Facial recognition is often inaccurate for people with darker skin tones or whose looks don’t conform to traditional gender stereotypes. Jump back. About your guide Thorin Klosowski Thorin Klosowski is the editor of privacy and security topics at Wirecutter. He has been writing about technology for over a decade, with an emphasis on learning by doing—which is to say, breaking things as often as possible to see how they work. For better or worse, he applies that same DIY approach to his reporting. Mentioned above After interviewing three experts and testing seven apps, we think Authy is the best two-factor authentication app. The Best Two-Factor Authentication App A physical security key is the most secure way to enable two-factor authentication. Here’s our pick for the best hardware security key. The Best Security Key for Multi-Factor Authentication Everyone should use a password manager, and after researching dozens and testing six, we recommend 1Password because it’s secure and easy to use. The Best Password Managers After extensive research and testing, we've found the best SD card for use in digital cameras or other devices. The Best SD Cards Almost any flash drive can be used as a cheap storage option, but the best ones won’t keep you waiting when opening, saving, and transferring files. The Best USB Flash Drives After hundreds of hours researching the best local storage and online backup services, we’ve put together a guide to backing up your Mac or Windows computer. How to Back Up Your Computer Further reading The Best VPN Service by David Huerta and Yael Grauer We’ve researched and tested top VPNs to recommend the best not just for speed but for transparency and trustworthiness, too. Back Up and Secure Your Digital Life by Haley Perry From password managers to backup software, here are the apps and services everyone needs to protect themselves from security breaches and data loss. The Gadgets We Bring on Every Trip by Haley Perry You don't have to be a digital nomad to travel like one. Here are a few gadgets and accessories to make travel as painless as possible. Traveling With Your Phone or Laptop for the Holidays? Do This First. by Thorin Klosowski The holidays are a frenzied time, which means more opportunities for you to lose those precious devices. Here’s how to prepare.