Software & Apps Computers Simple Online Security: Search for Information Online as Privately as Possible   This is just one step in a series created to help people improve their online security regardless of their technical knowledge. For more information, see our complete Simple Online Security series. When you search for information online, it tends to leave breadcrumbs that can lead back to you. This can include everything from your computer’s IP address to the history in your web browser, which can lead to annoying advertisements or someone happening upon your browser history. It’s difficult to fully cloak everything you do online, and going to privacy extremes makes using the internet unbearable. But you can take some precautions to make it more difficult to link searches back to you. The precautions you decide to take are dependent on what you need and who you’re protecting those searches from. You want to hide searches from advertisers, tech companies, your housemates, and the like Incognito or private browser modes are useful for browsing without storing your history (and that’s it): Most browsers have some sort of private mode, but despite the name, they don’t work the way you might think . While every browser handles these modes a little differently, the primary benefit of them is singular: They do not save your browsing history on the device you’re using. Otherwise, everything you do can still be tracked by ad companies and any accounts you log in to (like a Google or Facebook account). Don’t log in to accounts: No privacy tool can protect against what a company does on its own site. So if you need to search for something privately, don’t log in to any accounts for social networks, web stores, banks, or anything else (and log out if you haven’t already). Use a privacy-focused search engine: Google collects a lot of data about what you search for on Google, and even when you’re not logged in to a Google account, you might leave other possibly-identing footprints. Instead, use a more privacy-focused search engine, like DuckDuckGo , Startpage , or Brave Search . Disable your mobile ad ID on your smartphone and block ads on your desktop browser: Smartphone apps tend to collect loads of data about your behavior , but you can at least cut off the primary means the apps have of identing you, your mobile ad ID. We have directions to disable this number on both Android and iPhone . Likewise, on a desktop browser, you should consider using a tracker or ad blocker , which helps prevent those companies from making profiles about you based on your browsing behavior. Do not chat with others in less secure places : Keep in mind that most of what we do online can be seen by the companies that run the platforms, such as Facebook Messenger (unless you opt into end-to-end encrypted chats ). Stick to secure platforms for chat when you can, and avoid talking about anything you don’t want tracked or handed over to law enforcement on other services. You want to hide searches from governments Use Tor for highly personal searches: If you need to search for something online and really don’t want it coming back to you, the Tor Browser is your best option. It comes packed with settings that disable tracking, and everything you do in the browser gets run through a variety of privacy-protecting measures that help obscure your identity. The trade-off is that Tor tends to break a lot of websites, making them difficult to read, so it’s not something that’s usable all the time. However, it’s free and good to have installed for any sort of web search that you do not want linked back to you. A VPN can be useful, sometimes: A virtual private network (VPN) creates a secure, encrypted connection between your computer and a VPN server. This makes it harder to track you based on certain types of identifiers, like your IP address. In some cases , this can help protect your privacy, especially in any country that censors the internet, but keep in mind that the VPN company always sees your web traffic. Any services you log in to or cookies that a site stores can still be used to track you. The VPN industry is unregulated and tends to lack transparency, making it hard to suss out exactly what these companies collect. We only recommend a couple VPN options because the companies commit to transparency with third-party audits, but nothing is foolproof or perfect. For pure anonymity, stick with the Tor Browser. For more information about circumventing censorship, check out the Electronic Frontier Foundation’s guide . This article was edited by Arthur Gies and Caitlin McGarry. About your guide Thorin Klosowski Thorin Klosowski is the editor of privacy and security topics at Wirecutter. He has been writing about technology for over a decade, with an emphasis on learning by doing—which is to say, breaking things as often as possible to see how they work. For better or worse, he applies that same DIY approach to his reporting. Mentioned above Online security is for everyone. Our simple and affordable tips will show you how to drastically reduce your risks online. Every Step to Simple Online Security With a few easy changes to the privacy and security settings, you can control how much information Android and Google—and the apps you use—collect about you. 11 Practical Privacy Tips for Your Android Phone With a few easy changes to the privacy and security settings, you can control how much information your iPhone—and your apps—collects and uses. 16 Practical Privacy Tips for Your iPhone These free, easy-to-install browser extensions are simple add-ons that can help block ads, reduce tracking, and improve your privacy online. Our Favorite Ad Blockers and Browser Extensions to Protect Privacy Picking the right app and adjusting a few settings can make messaging and sharing files much more secure. Simple Online Security: Sending Messages and Files Safely A VPN can secure a public Wi-Fi connection and reduce some types of online tracking, but is it reliable to access video sites or limit tracking? Read on to see. What Is a VPN and What Can (and Can’t) It Do? Further reading Simple Online Security: Secure Your Sensitive Data by Thorin Klosowski Health and financial data is particularly sensitive, and a few tips will help you keep it more secure online. Simple Online Security for Borders and Protests by Thorin Klosowski If you’re concerned about your privacy being invaded by governments at border crossings or protests, you have a few options to protect your information. Simple Online Security for Online Dating and Sexting by Thorin Klosowski We recommend a few tips to avoid revealing more information than you intend when you’re using dating apps or sexting. Simple Online Security for Social Media Accounts by Thorin Klosowski Don’t ignore the privacy and security settings on social media accounts and cloud platforms.