Photo: Kerkez/iStock How to Move Your Home Office Outside—And Make the Most of It  We’ve updated this post to reflect our latest pick for best portable laptop charger. Melanie Pinola Share this post Save If you’re working from home and lucky enough to have space where you can work on your computer outdoors, sunlight and fresh air could do wonders for your energy levels and mood. An outdoor workspace—whether it’s on a balcony, on a porch, in a yard, or even perched on a fire escape—expands your living and working space and can provide the respite you need after spending weeks in tight quarters with roommates or family members. The key to carving out an outdoor home office is to plan for the surprises nature might have in store for you. Here’s a game plan for comfortably and efficiently working on your computer outside. Find or create a cool, shady spot Direct sunlight on your laptop screen causes glare, which makes it maddeningly difficult to see your display. In turn, that can cause eyestrain , leading to headaches and reduced productivity. Sunlight can also make your laptop overheat, which reduces its battery life and leads to performance problems. If the temperature outside is uncomfortably hot for you, it’s probably dangerous for your computer as well. (Apple recommends using its laptops when the ambient temperature is 50 to 95 degrees Fahrenheit, or 10 to 35 degrees Celsius.) So, if you can, work outside in the early mornings or evenings, when temperatures tend to be cooler. To extend your open-air workday, find the shadiest nook in your outdoor space. It could be under a tree, beneath an overhang on your building, or in the shadow of an adjustable patio umbrella. For a permanent or semipermanent outdoor workspace: If you have the room, we recommend the Treasure Garden Market Aluminum Push Button Tilt Umbrella with the US Weight Umbrella Base . This pairing provides an excellent combination of durability and reliable protection against sun, rain, snow, and wind damage. If you have a porch or pergola, you could install outdoor curtains with tension rods—they’re easy to put up and take down, they help you adjust to changing sun conditions, and they offer some privacy from neighbors. Pair that with durable, weather-resistant outdoor patio furniture , and you have an outdoor workspace that’s as comfortable in temperate weather as your dining room. But because most patio chairs don’t have ergonomic features to support long working stints, you should consider some add-ons. A lumbar support pillow provides better back support, and a seat cushion can make even the worst plastic, wood, or metal chairs at least feel better than economy-class airline seats. You might also want to invest in a laptop stand and a compact wireless keyboard for the most comfortable screen-reading and typing experience. For a movable outdoor workspace: If you have less space to work with or no permanent outdoor area to call your own, consider portable furniture. It’s typically less expensive than standard outdoor furniture, and it gives you more flexibility when you need to store your desk, chair, and other equipment indoors. Just remember to bring anything that isn’t labeled for outdoor use inside when you’re done working. You can set up an outdoor office pretty much anywhere by using a camping chair with a built-in canopy (one of the most comfortable portable chairs we’ve tested) and a lap desk . Wirecutter staff writer Sarah Witman recommends the LapGear Designer ; although that lap desk isn’t water or dirt resistant, it is wide enough to fit a 13-inch laptop and a mouse, and you can easily carry it with you when you head outside. Or, for the simplest and most cost-effective solution, head to your designated shady spot with a folding chair and a folding TV-tray-style table. Ideally, the tray table is wide enough for your laptop and a mouse—that is, at least 18 inches wide. Finally—even if you’re working under a canopy—don’t forget to protect yourself from the sun with a brimmed hat , sunscreen that feels and smells good , and inexpensive sunglasses . Make moving your work outdoors seamless The easier it is to transition from working inside to outside, the more likely you are to use your outdoor home office. Wirecutter staff writer Signe Brewster recommends using a serving tray to easily carry all your equipment and supplies at once. A lap desk like the one we recommend above would work just as well for that purpose. I have a laptop backpack at the ready—outfitted with essentials such as a microfiber cloth, tissues, and snacks—that I can easily stick my laptop in for the commute to my backyard. Reliable power and a strong Wi-Fi signal are critical when you’re working from home. If you don’t have convenient outdoor power plugs, Wirecutter senior staff writer Lauren Dragan suggests setting up some outdoor lights that terminate in an open outlet: Not only do they give you a place to plug in your laptop charger, but they also beautify your space. Our pick is the Newhouse Lighting 48 ft. 11-Watt Outdoor Weatherproof String Light . (A string of lights likely won’t deliver ideal charging speeds, but Wirecutter's home improvement experts told us that it’s not likely to hurt your machine and should provide enough juice for you to keep working outdoors.) If you’re going to be working farther from a power source, consider a lightweight power bank like the ZMI PowerPack 20000 (for people with laptops that charge over USB-C) or the Anker Powerhouse 100 (for people with AC-powered laptops). Essentially a big battery equipped with useful outlets and ports, these can charge your laptop, phone, and other electronics for hours on end. Working in my backyard used to be difficult because my wireless router was about 20 feet away, through a few plaster walls, an arrangement that resulted in many dropped video calls. Since I installed a Wi-Fi mesh-networking system to extend the range, I now feel more confident I’ll be able to get through videoconferences without glitching out. Our pick is the Asus ZenWiFi AC (CT8) kit because it’s fast and reliable and it provides the bandwidth and range to ensure that everyone in your household can do what they need to do online—even all at once—without a hitch. Protect yourself from wildlife—and the rest of the outside world Squirrels, mosquitos, chatty birds, and stray cats are just a few of the animals you might encounter when you work outdoors. Although being in nature is the whole point of working outside, you might want to shield yourself from such distractions. Some of our essential tips include: Keep sunscreen and insect repellent handy: Consider keeping them right next to the door you use to go outside. That way, you’re less likely to forget to protect yourself. Set up a house fan : This most basic of appliances—on medium or high speed—both repels mosquitoes and keeps you cool on sunny days. (It can also function as a white noise machine if your outdoor oasis is besieged with the sounds of urban life.) We recommend a fan instead of a bug zapper because the latter has been proven to be ineffective against mosquitoes and other biting flies and is also bad for the ecosystem. Wear noise-cancelling headphones or use a portable Bluetooth speaker : If a fan doesn’t do the job of blocking out the sounds of street traffic, birds, barking dogs, and other animals, consider noise-cancelling headphones or a wireless speaker. There’s one bird on my block that starts trilling at 4 a.m. and doesn’t stop until after noon. My Bose Noise Cancelling Headphones 700 pair keeps me sane indoors and out. Others who enjoy listening to music while they work will get a lot of mileage out of the UE Wonderboom 2 speaker, which is compact and rugged. Remember to take your allergy medicine: You should be as comfortable working outdoors as you are inside, and for many people, this requires taking an antihistamine for outdoor allergies. Check allergy reports from your favorite weather forecaster before you head outside. Finally, make the most of your time outside. If you have to be on a video call, position yourself to show off interesting plants or flowers in the background. Take breaks to pause and admire your surroundings and the fresh air. And if you have a bit of lawn and a restless pooch or kid, stop typing every once in a while to play catch: They’ll appreciate “working outdoors” just as much as you do. Mentioned above After hours of research and weeks of testing, we think Treasure Garden’s Market Umbrella and Article’s Paima Umbrella Base are the best patio umbrella and base. The Best Patio Umbrella and Stand We spent 50 hours researching what makes good patio furniture. To find the ideal dining sets and outdoor lounge furniture for your backyard, we tested dozens. The Best Patio Furniture (And How to Shop for It) If you slouch while sitting at your desk for long periods or suffer from back pain after a long workday, a lumbar support pillow can make all the difference. The Best Lumbar Support Pillow A good ergonomic cushion will fit a variety of people and chairs and stay comfortable and cool after hours of use. Our pick does all of that and more. The Best Ergonomic Seat Cushions The Rain Design iLevel 2 is our favorite laptop stand because it’s easy to adjust and can raise your screen to proper ergonomic height. The Best Laptop Stands The best wireless keyboards are comfortable, reliable, and a joy to type on, whether you want a compact option like the Logitech K380 or something full size. The Best Bluetooth and Wireless Keyboards Further reading Gear for a Paperless Home Office by Erica Ogg This is the gear and the strategies we at Wirecutter use to move from a paper-based home office to an all-digital filing and storage system. How to Set Up a Remote Learning Space for Your Kids by Melanie Pinola With many schools closed this fall, it’s time to set up a remote schoolwork area for kids that’ll make learning a little easier. How to Make Your Cheap Office Chair More Comfortable by Melanie Pinola Great office chairs aren’t cheap, and not everyone can afford ergonomic perfection. But a few tweaks can make a $50 chair feel nearly as good as a $1,000 one. The Home Office Gear Wirecutter Staffers Bought to Make It Through the Pandemic by Ben Keough Here’s a quick look at the home office gear Wirecutter staffers bought to make their work-from-home lives more bearable over the past year.