 The WFH Starter Kit: What Companies Should Provide You With When You Work From Home  If you’ve ever had to work at a hotel while on vacation or at a family member’s house over the holidays, you know you can still get work done (if your job allows it) with just three items: a computer (or even a tablet), a reliable (preferably high-speed) Internet connection, and power. That’s the bare minimum you need to work remotely—and most companies will provide you with at least a laptop when you have to work away from the office. But for working from home on a regular basis, you need more gear and other essentials to work productively and comfortably . We’ve put together a basic work-from-home starter kit that you should expect your employer to provide you with when you’re required to turn your home into an office—as well as a longer list of nice-to-have items you might want to purchase on your own. The basic work-from-home starter kit More than half of the Wirecutter staff works remotely, but the rest of us normally commute to the company’s Los Angeles and New York offices, so we’re familiar with how to work well from home—as well as with the strangeness of suddenly not working in an office because of the physical isolation that slowing the coronavirus requires. I also interviewed employees and representatives of five other companies to see what other employers are providing their staff who now have to telecommute. These are the most common pieces of gear and software you need to start working from home, all of which your company should provide (links are to our picks for each): Computer: laptops in every category Keyboard: Bluetooth and wireless keyboards or ergonomic keyboards Mouse: wireless mouse Docking station or USB hub: USB-C hubs and docks Headphone or headset: noise-cancelling headphones , wireless headset , or USB headset Cables or additional chargers for the above: USB-C cables and adapters and other necessary types Software required to do your work : may include Microsoft Office or Adobe Creative Suite, as well as a password manager for access to shared accounts and VPN software and instructions Depending on your role, you might be provided with or be able to expense tools such as a drawing tablet (for designers) or a Wi-Fi hotspot (for frequent travelers). Some people might have to use their own computer or tools (such as a scanner app on their phone) if the company doesn’t provide it. The full-time home-office kit Most people who have to leave the office can’t bring home their desk, chair, file cabinet, printer, or desk lamp—and have to do without the company-provided snacks and beverages too. But such things are necessities for many people to work productively and comfortably at their home office over a long period of time. Some companies have outfitted their remote workers with just about everything they need to set up a home office anywhere—doing so even before such arrangements became necessary because of the coronavirus pandemic. Buffer , for example, covers 100 percent of home Internet and costs for working at a coworking space, and Automattic and Zapier offer allowances for furniture and other home-office items when staffers start up. Other employers, such as Twitter , have responded to the sudden need for everyone to work from home by reimbursing employees for impromptu home-office setup necessities including desks and chairs. If your company doesn’t offer these items while you have to work from home, consider buying them yourself, even if you don’t plan on working from home forever: Comfortable desk chair: Almost anything is better than the typical stiff, non-ergonomic dining-table chair, but we recommend the HON Exposure if you’re looking for a comfortable chair that’s under $300. (Our other top picks for office chairs can take weeks to deliver, but you might find one at an office-furniture liquidator or, as one of our staff members did, borrow a decent office chair from a friend.) Alternatively, if your current chair cushion is fine but you’re worried about back support over long periods of sitting, a lumbar-support pillow might be all you need. Laptop stand: The best laptop stands prevent you from hunching over your keyboard so you’ll maintain better posture and reduce neck and shoulder strain. Dedicated webcam: A webcam built into a laptop or all-in-one computer is difficult to position adequately and isn’t as high quality as standalone webcams like the Logitech C920S HD Pro Webcam . If one of your main ways to stay in touch with your colleagues is via video, you should make sure your webcam can present you with real-life clarity. Good desk lamp : Even if you have overhead lighting and lots of natural light in your home office, a desk lamp will help reduce eyestrain in the evenings and when you need to focus on a task like reading a book or writing in a planner. You also need proper lighting during video meetings . The above might run you around $400 to $450, depending on what you select. Ask your company if it can reimburse you for these expenses that will help you work better and more ergonomically. If you have a larger budget to dedicate to your home office (or if your company does), consider the following: Office desk: We recommend adjustable-height standing desks , but because such models are a significant investment, a standing desk converter that sits on top of any surface can help you reap the health and productivity benefits of cycling between sitting and standing all day. Monitor and monitor arm: With an external monitor, you get more screen real estate. They come in all sizes and at all prices, so find the monitor that will work for you . To go along with it, consider a monitor arm , which adjusts the position of your monitor so it’s just right and you’re not craning your neck. Having all the tools you’d normally need while working in an office makes easing into remote work, well, easier. The shopping list above should help you get started quickly. Mentioned above From budget-friendly options to thin-and-light ultrabooks to powerful gaming laptops, we’ve spent hundreds of hours finding the best laptops for most people. The Best Laptops The best wireless keyboards are comfortable, reliable, and a joy to type on, whether you want a compact option like the Logitech K380 or something full size. The Best Bluetooth and Wireless Keyboards If you spend all day at a computer, an ergonomic keyboard’s more natural tilt and customizable positioning may be more comfortable than a standard keyboard. The Best Ergonomic Keyboard After researching and testing mice for years (with several different panels of testers), we've found the best wireless mice. The Best Wireless Mouse USB hubs offer the best way to add more functionality to a PC or notebook without many ports, and we have recommendations for almost every situation. The Best USB Hubs Whether you prefer over-ear or in-ear noise-cancelling headphones, we have recommendations to help bring peace to your next trip. The Best Noise-Cancelling Headphones Further reading Gear for a Paperless Home Office by Erica Ogg This is the gear and the strategies we at Wirecutter use to move from a paper-based home office to an all-digital filing and storage system. The Best Home-Office Setup Under $1,000 by Mark Smirniotis You can put together a high-quality home work space on a modest budget. The Essential Ergonomic Gear for Your Home Office by Erica Ogg We’ve spent over a thousand hours testing more than 100 pieces of gear that encourage ergonomically healthy posture. How to Create a Full-Time Work Space at Home by Kevin Purdy This is the gear we’ve found that makes working from home easy and productive. The only thing it doesn’t do is keep you from heading to the kitchen.